1.  Most of you managed to follow the instructions for setting up
gitlab.  To help with marking I need you need to reconfigure your git
email using the university email address which contains your user
name, and also add your real name.  For example:

     git config --global user.email "kwb13215@strath.ac.uk" 
     git config --global user.name "Your Name" 

Please USE YOUR OWN USER NAME and your OWN REAL NAME.  

Failure to follow this instruction means your work won't be marked at
all.  At least one of you managed to configure git with "your.email"
as the email address.  This unknown person will be scoring zero for
prac0.

1a.  Many of you experienced problems trying to do Prac0 on a Windows
machine.  My suggestion:  don't use a Windows machine.  It's quite
likely that  nothing will work, and no one will be able to help you
when it doesn't work.  Use Linux, or some other version of Unix.

1b.  Some of these instructions require you and your partner to do
things in a certain order.  Doing things this way will make your life
easier.  Not doing this may result in things not working, and you
having to discover workarounds by yourself.

2.  You will have been added to a new Gitlab project for The Project.
I'm going to assume you are accessing Gitlab over https, but if you
are using ssh then make the appropriate changes to these instructions
below.

3.  Your project will have a name like cs207-2015/project-XX where XX
is a number.  First of all cd to a suitable directory somewhere in your file
space, then clone the project (it will be empty)

       git clone https://gitlab.cis.strath.ac.uk/cs207-2015/project-XX.git

Change to the directory created.

       cd project-XX

4.  Just like in Prac 0 there is a template with some stuff you need
to get started.  If you want to, you can set up a remote like in Prac
0, but the simplest thing is just to pull the template:

       git pull https://gitlab.cis.strath.ac.uk/kwb13215/cs207-project-template.git

Hopefully you will only need to do this once!

5.  Edit the file README.md to add your name and email address (not
your partner's) 

6.  Commit and push your changes back to origin

    git commit -a -m'Added my details to README'
    git push

7.  Get your partner to do the same!

8.  You are now ready to work on Task 1.  You will find a file
instructions/task1.txt in the project.  I suggest you also read the
instructions for the other tasks.




