CS207 SEMESTER 2 PROJECT
===

Instructions for Task 2
---

The details of Task 2 are on the course webpage.  These instructions
are only to explain how to set up the project working copy and Eclipse
for the minimum of problems, and how to submit the task once you have
completed it.

NOTE: both partners have to do these instructions in a specific order
otherwise Eclipse will be unhappy.  It is suggested that you use
Eclipse and the UML lab plug-in for this.  The Lab computers have
licenses for UML Lab.  If you want to use it at home, then a demo
license is available; make sure to install it before following these
instructions.

If you are not using UML Lab, then you may submit only the design.pdf
file, and ignore the UML files.

Getting Started
---

I assume you are in the working directory of your project, i.e. the
one where the README file is.

Start Eclipse.  Choose File-->New UML Lab Java Project.  Don't accept
the default folder -- choose the place where your project already is.
Choose a suitable name.  IMPORTANT: you and your partner must choose
exactly the same name.  Go to the Libraries tab and add JUnit to the
project.  Press OK.  Quit Eclipse.

Make sure that your partner has completed the preceding step before
continuing.

You will find that Eclipse has created two files "YourProject.uml" and
"YourProject.umlcd" in the top directory.  Add them to the repo and
push.
        git add *uml* 
        git commit -a -m'added autogenerated UML files'
        git push

NOTE: don't add the other Eclipse created files (.project, .classpath)
to the project.  Now have your partner *delete* these files from their
project directory, and pull new copies from the repo:

        rm *uml* 
        git pull

If you did it all the steps correctly, when your partner restarts
Eclipse, it won't notice that these files have been modified.

Now you can actually do the work.

Submitting
---

As well as the two UML files you need to create a PDF file containing
the UML class diagram and a brief rationale for your design
decisions.  The file should be called "docs/design/design.pdf".  Make
sure all these files are added, committed, and pushed back to the
server.

To submit you need to create and push to the branch "submit-task2"
        
        git checkout -b submit-task2
        git push origin submit-task2
        git checkout master

(I'm assuming you are working on the master branch -- if not
substitute the branch you are working on for master)


